# Final Task for Data Analysis Course
Caenorhabditis elegans is a roundworm commonly used as a model organism in the study of genetics. The movement of these worms is known to be a useful indicator for understanding behavioural genetics. Brown et al.1 describe a system for recording the motion of worms on an agar plate and measuring a range of human-defined features2. It has been shown that the space of shapes Caenorhabditis elegans adopts on an agar plate can be represented by combinations of six base shapes, or eigenworms. Once the worm outline is extracted, each frame of worm motion can be captured by six scalars representing the amplitudes along each dimension when the shape is projected onto the six eigenworms. Using data collected for the work described in 1, the aim is to address the problem of classifying individual worms as wild-type or mutant based on the time series of their motion.

# Goal
Your first task is to explore possible ways of developing methods for classifying worm types, based on their motion. You are not restricted to using a single classification method (also in view of your second goal), and you can, in principle, develop different methods, taking also into account their computational complexity. Your second task is to develop methods that allow to understand which characteristics of the motion (values along the six “eigenworms”) are more relevant for the outcome of your classification method. Please consider that the results should be as much informative as possible and able to identify not only which eigendirections are more relevant, but also, if possible, give a quantitative measure of their influence.
